I look at himself in the mirror
and softly write the message
When I wake up, things get bad
and as I write the message
I thought that it was a Zietyn.
Then I went over there.
On my back saw knot.
There was a goddess.
She gave me a
duck, a chicken, a duck.
Well, I will come again in three year.
You manager last night
said,
didn't look carefully to ask
what happened with the students from the server . . ."
Tell me,
enin seal long after service?
I can't hide it.
I said,
I got lost because,
that's what youKeep in the teeth of.
I said to him,
Actually,
His son,
Mr.Yuzawa Kurori's dear son.
I'm not kidding.
I'm a former official of the Otama family,
and I'm a former official of the Konyaroku family.
I'm not surprised.
I'm just a friend.